This submodule focusses on processing the raw scale data and transmitting it to an external device for manipulation and storage (algorithm specifically catered to ESP32, reason made clear in the electronics file). A highlight of the overall bird-scale module is it's scalability, whereby a network of scales can be used to collect a more whiolistic set of data throughout a large area. The data from the different scales need to be transmitted to the external device as well, and the submodule also deals with the transmission protocol/algorithm form peer to peer nodes (ESP32).

There are three main focuses here: 
- Filtration: Take in the raw scale data such that the data that is altemately stored in the SPIFFs memory, corresponds to a Cormorant's presence. The aim is to remove values that indicate that it was not a bird that sat/landed on the scale, but rather an inanimate object, a bigger or smaller animal, etc.
- Transmission to external device: Upon request from the user, the ESP32 must package and transmit the data to them. The chosen protocol is BLE for its lower power use, given the limited power resources available. BLE is only implemented for one ESP32 which is named the gateway esp or ESP_1. This node is the only one that communicates with the external device and distributes it's requests through the network to the required node. So, it is the central point for data distribution, it distributes requests (data from that node) made by the user and send responds to those queries back to the app.
- Transmission between ESP32 network: The protocol chosen for this is ESP-NOW. The report goes into detail as to why this is the case, mainlyu specifying its low power usage. The code provided in this document shows how it is implemented in the gateway nodes and the peripheral network nodes.

Therefore, all the nodes will have the filtration algorithm flashes to them, while only the gateway node will have noth the BLE and ESP-NOW protocols implemented, and the peripheral nodes will only have ESP-NOW implemented for transmision within the network.
